also in the twelfth year has the
Erzgebirgsbahn a successful
development aimed at this
underpin and document that invited
company on 21
february 2013 media representatives to one
press trip on the section kofler has
Albarn from Chemnitz to Olbernhau 1
at a press conference explained the
Head of the traffic operation
Erzgebirgsbahn wolfgang bodily at
a rhine city presentation the
revolutionary use of modern
hybrid drive technology for railcars
the ore mountain railway type vt 642 man
uses a fraction of traction energy and
the stored energy and the
to generate drive power
that is, when he means mixed operation that is
as again savings or a pure one
electrical form
that means we know about
stretch sections then purely electric
Form with diesel engine decoupled from the
whole system and there I think of them
tunnel example demand what the mind
says the host where to go with the preference
then drive accordingly thin areas
can
This is the electro-hybrid drive
for example for the rail.de
stretch of 80 kilometers
per hour is allowed and the
early reserves allow that accordingly
now not shown before 76 then can
She punctually
we do that since 2006 7
We should never forget the initiator
This system I am especially positive
It is suitable in our network but it is also
have already been tested on larger
for example, example is stretched
One can use berlin for this is the
Schedule something vaguely the goal
however, it should be ready by the end of 2016
the locomotives of the Erzgebirgsbahn
obtained ready for serial production
Thus, the Erzgebirgsbahn would be worldwide
the first company which one
brings such technology to the track
a saving of up to 25 percent
diesel fuel can also be
it will still be heard and seen
crucial in difference to that
own vehicle is that there is one here
Energy storage is so the batteries
can save energy and we
then when form either completely as
can use electric form in
mixed operation means we use
in addition to the contraction newspaper off
the motto the batteries are stored or
from purely electric that means before guest
it was noticed people's dream
oh well you know my motto
go out and still we continue
also a newly developed one
passenger information system was
presents this real-time information
are of every passenger on the internet
and as an app for smartphones and
Internet-enabled mobile phones available
So this is our newest screaming would
I mean, that means they have
really on the internet the possibility the
that means we have been moving
also in 2006 the first ones you all before
between equipped with gps the
basics for all these semesters too
also ensure customer satisfaction
takes the Erzgebirgsbahn nationwide
a peak and the new one
modernization of the infrastructure and
high commitment of the employees would
in 2012 to one
punctuality rate of 98.7 percent
this also plays the good
cooperation with the many communes
regions play a key role
we carry a press ford through the
Erzgebirgsbahn
I am very happy with the progress so far
satisfied because the interest of
various journalists of
various newspapers and media
but also the mayor in particular
the city Lengefelder city Ulm have
are very strong we have a lot to
offer as Erzgebirgsbahn so are
Innovations to which the work to
example of this modern vehicle in the
we form the prototype of a hybrid
Vehicles build this press drive
shows very clearly how innovative and
how progressive we are here with the
Colleagues 250 colleagues of ours
Erzgebirgsbahn is not only
the daily good service good offer
which is also rewarded by the customers
But it is the introduction of new ones
new techniques
passenger information systems and there is
the Erzgebirgsbahn is already a leader in
federal territory we hope and wish
that the Erzgebirgsbahn with their new
technology and its passengers in one
Future with long existence drives
let's take a look at the Erzgebirgsbahn as
our train as a facility which
just belong to the Erzgebirge